The following is the Disease and Its symptoms.
FROM webmd website.
https://symptoms.webmd.com/default.htm#/conditions

My Symptoms. 
    throat irritation
    bloating
    cough
    diarrhea
    dizziness
    fatigue
    nausea
    muscle cramp

    headache
    fever
    vomiting
    itching nose
    profound exhaustion or fatigue
    muscle weakness
    sweating too much

    runny nose
    sneezing
    watery eyes
    eyelid feels scratchy
    dry cough
    nasal congestion


Conditions that munches 
    Hay fever
    Influenza (flu) adults
    Mononucleosis
    Acute sinusitis
    Common cold
    adenovirus infection
    Strep throat
    Viral gastroenteritis
    Tonsillitis
    Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFIDS)
    West nile virus
    Meningitis
    swine influenza
    Laryngitis
    Chronic sinusitis
    Erythema multiforme
    Drug allergy
    acute HIV infectio
    Peritonsillar absces
    Poisoning
    Sjogren's syndrome
    Tuberculosis
    bacterial meningitis
    meningococcal meningitis
    Epiglottitis


HAY FEVER
Hay fever symptoms include sneezing, congestion, runny nose, watery and bloodshot eyes, plugged up feeling in ears, itchy eyes and nose, tiredness, cough, temporary loss of taste and smell, and trouble sleeping.

INFULENZA Fever, sore throat, sneezing, sinus pain, runny nose, headache, muscle aches, cough, tiredness

Mononucleosis symptoms include extreme tiredness, sore throat, fever, rash, loss of appetite, muscle aches, and swollen lymph nodes and spleen.

Sinusitis symptoms may include sinus pain and tenderness, facial redness and swelling over sinuses, teeth pain, dizziness and poor balance, fatigue, eye pain, sinus congestion and drainage (may include pus and/or bloody mucus), and temporary loss of sense of taste and smell

First Stage: Acute HIV Infection; => Headache, Fatigue, Aching muscles, Sore throat, Swollen lymph nodes,
A red rash that doesn't itch, usually on your torso

The symptoms of West Nile virus can include abdominal pain, diarrhea, fever, headache, muscle aches, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, rash, sore throat, and swollen lymph nodes. More severe symptoms include confusion, high fever, stiff neck, coma, muscle weakness, and convulsions.

Peritonsillar Abscess => Symptoms: Sore throat with worse pain on one side, chills and fever, swollen and tender lymph nodes, trouble swallowing or speaking, muscle spasms in the jaw and neck, ear pain

Erythema multiforme may cause lesions such as hives or blisters on the arms, hands, legs, feet, upper body, face, lips, eyes, and genitals. They may burn or itch. They may spread quickly or go away and then come back. Bull's-eye-shaped rings may appear, especially on the palms. Before the lesions develop, a person may have symptoms such as fever, itchiness, achy joints, irritated eyes, and a general sick feeling. Erythema multiforme major may cause sores that make it painful to eat or urinate.

DRUG ALLERGY:Skin rashes, hives, and itchy skin, congestion, and swelling of the lips, tongue or throat; anaphylaxis, a life-threatening reaction, causes swelling and hives, lightheadedness and dizziness, wheezing and trouble breathing, blue skin, sudden drop in blood pressure, loss of consciousness, rapid pulse, and shock.

Laryngitis symptoms include hoarseness and loss of voice. If caused by a cold or flu, other symptoms may occur including cough, swollen lymph nodes in the neck, fever, and sore throat.

Tuberculosis A bad cough, coughing up blood, chest pain, night sweats, fever, chills, fatigue, loss of appetite, weight loss

Peritonsillar Abscess: Sore throat with worse pain on one side, chills and fever, swollen and tender lymph nodes, trouble swallowing or speaking, muscle spasms in the jaw and neck, ear pain

Poisoning can cause nausea, vomiting, drooling, dry mouth, changes in pupil size, rapid or slow breathing, pain, confusion, seizures, a metallic taste in the mouth, skin color changes, coma, and death.

Strep Throat Red throat, white patches on throat, throat pain, trouble swallowing, swollen lymph glands, nausea, fever, chills, muscle aches, stomach ache, rash, headache

Aseptic Meningitis Symptoms of aseptic meningitis include headache, neck pain and stiffness, confusion, sleepiness, fatigue, fever, sensitivity to light, muscle pain, nausea and vomiting, and seizures.

Epiglottitis The first symptoms of epiglottitis are usually a high fever and sore throat. Other symptoms may include muffling or changes in the voice, noisy breathing, a hard time swallowing, difficulty breathing, drooling, turning blue, and hoarseness.

Ebola is a rare but deadly virus that causes fever, body aches, and diarrhea, and sometimes bleeding inside and outside the body.

Tonsillitis =>Severe or long-lasting sore throat, red tonsils with white or yellow spots, pain in the jaw or throat, difficulty swallowing, earache, headache, fever, bad breath, fatigue, drooling, mouth breathing, raspy voice
